docs: flow dev guide (#959)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/contributor-guide/flownode/dataflow.md

# Dataflow

> dataflow(See `flow::compute` module) is the core computing module of `flow`, what it do is take a sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> and transform it into flow's internal execution plan, then render this execution plan to a actual dataflow, which is essentially a DAG of functions with input and output ports, and are triggered to run when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dataflow` module (see `flow::compute` module) is the core computing module of `flow`.
It takes a SQL query and transforms it into flow's internal execution plan.
This execution plan is then rendered into an actual dataflow, which is essentially a directed acyclic graph (DAG) of functions with input and output ports.
The dataflow is triggered to run when needed.
```

> For now this dataflow only support `map` and `reduce`, support for `join` will be added in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, this dataflow only supports `map` and `reduce` operations. Support for `join` operations will be added in the future.
```

> Internally, dataflow handle data in row format, with a tuple like `(row, time, diff)`, where `row` is the actual data being passing and may contain multiple `Value`, `time` is the system time which track the dataflow's progress, and `diff` usually being `+1` or `-1` meaning the inserting or deleting or this row, so the tuple means the insert/delete of this `row` at given system `time`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internally, the dataflow handles data in row format, using a tuple `(row, time, diff)`. Here, `row` represents the actual data being passed, which may contain multiple `Value` objects.
`time` is the system time which tracks the progress of the dataflow, and `diff` typically represents the insertion or deletion of the row (+1 or -1).
Therefore, the tuple represents the insert/delete operation of the `row` at a given system `time`.
```
